{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15820\viewh12200\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Dear "Complex Analysis with Mathematica" owner\
\
Welcome to the electronic version of the book. This CD has been updated for Mathematica 6.\
\
There are four directories. The Notebooks folder contains files that are equivalent to those in the book. I have tried these out on various Windows, PowerMac and Linux systems without many problems. I have had odd hangs on a Linux system with a smaller amount of memory when trying to open larger notebooks. For these reason, and for anyone with a "smaller" machine where memory disk space is limited, there is a second folder containing the same notebooks with all the output deleted.\
\
The MathLink folder contains binaries for Mac (Power PC processors), Windows and Intel Linux systems, as well as source that can in principle be compiled for any other supported system, such as other flavours of UNIX. See the Chapters of the book (fractals and complex chaos) for Installation instructions, and the Mathematica Book/help browser for compilation help on other UNIX systems. Owners of new Intel-based Macs should be able to compile the source using the tools that ship with the operating system. When the binaries are installed and called you may see a terminal window pop up - just ignore it!\
\
The Mathematica6 folder contains notebook files for use with "Mathematica 6". See the readme file within that folder for further help. Most of the book already works fine with version 6, but this folder contains a few fixes and enhancements you might enjoy.\
\
Please see the web sites at\
\
http://library.wolfram.com/infocenter/MathSource/6870/\
\
and also\
\
http://www.mth.kcl.ac.uk/~shaww/web_page/books/complex/index.html\
\
for further information about updates to the book for compatibility with future releases. CUP's web site for the book remains at\
\
http://www.cambridge.org/0521836263\
\
\
\
Prof William Shaw\
King's College London\
November 2007}